Ruby you're gonna have to coming at me I
got to take your grounding news with a
whole new level until she took it papi
he's really done it this time a step too
far she's been sent to a place or any
lab Mobile's on weekends how am I
supposed to call my therapist where
everything will change it wasn't my
fault and if this were America I would
sue it's a chance to fit him there's a
hierarchy teaches perfects vermin
Americans and an opportunity to clean up
her act
but for papi more it was time to break
free I just have to figure out a way
you're gonna have to get yourself
expelled okay you have to snog Freddy
the headmaster says son
this isn't ironic how my ticket out of
here just might be the reason I want to
stay magical from working title films
mom she went to the school I didn't even
know comes a story don't give up
why don't you give yourself a chance
about leaving home and finding yourself
cut to trust something about you copy me
every moment on with you I catch my
breath
Jojo and you the souffle that didn't
arise tell me about it
[Music]